Reintroduce computepass->encoder lifetime constraint and make it opt-out via `wgpu::ComputePass::forget_lifetime` (#5768)
gfx-rs/wgpu: CHANGELOG.md

`wgpu::ComputePass` recording methods (e.g. `wgpu::ComputePass:set_render_pipeline`) no longer impose a lifetime constraint passed in resources.

> Furthermore, you can now opt out of `wgpu::ComputePass`'s life time dependency on its parent `wgpu::CommandEncoder` using `wgpu::ComputePass::make_static`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, you can now opt out of `wgpu::ComputePass`'s lifetime dependency on its parent `wgpu::CommandEncoder` using `wgpu::ComputePass::make_static`:
```
